I need a destination very soon.
or you'll lose the cargo.
It's Genoa.
I need the fucking harbor
otherwise you're in big problems.
You heard what Benedetto said. didn't you?
- The harbor is not open to him.
You're going to let my container through.
Get your own soldiers.
men that you can trust.
Do you actually know how Romano
went from Rolexes to shipping containers?
How do you think he got those Irish?
- Just laugh.
That was me. Through my family.
If you're in. you're in.
If you fuck me. I'll fuck you.
I may not be as smart as you are.
but smart enough to see that you...
All that shit that
happened in the past...
you can't forget that.
you can't forgive that.
You are losing the business.
Our business.
I'll give you one week
to bring that fucking money back.
If not. just wait for what will happen.
What do we do?
- Pope is going to be mad.
And there are other complications.
Why do things always go wrong with you?
Always a fucking headache. always.
People are going crazy
because they lost 2000 kilos.
We're going to sell
this to people Pope's hates most.
That's the plan?
The image has emerged that
we are no longer in charge here.
Jaouad Ancharad is an enemy of the state.
Nothing less than that.
- Enemy of the state. yes.
That one thing we discussed.
That big one. Go and fix that.
You must leave.
Something big is about to happen.
I can't tell you now. but
you should be gone by then.
What happened behind me today...
truly goes beyond all imagination.
This day will go down in history...
as the day on which the
Netherlands finally lost its innocence.
This morning a so-called
kamikaze drone crashed...
into the Ministry of Justice.
This is an unprecedented and brutal
attack on the Dutch constitutional state.
You're talking about clues pointing...
to organized crime offenders.
What can that be deduced from?
The way in which this attack was committed...
indicates a high degree of organization
and bears no characteristics...
of classical religious
or political terrorism.
And. Sandra. these
images just came in...
of a large-scale police action
in which a possible perpetrator...
of the drone attack was arrested.
What do you know about that?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Whoa. whoa.
The perpetrators and motive
are still a mystery at the moment...
but the suspect that jumps out...
is the wanted criminal Jaouad A.
Bro.
What is it?
Watch what you're doing.
that's how we get in their sight.
Bro. we need to show
them that they're not winning.
They were dreaming.
You immediately see how the world is.
Fire. fear and shit.
Now they are really awake.
If you say so.
- I say so.
Idiot.
Good day. hottie.
Are you already being served?
Yo. please. what did I say?
Go back to the door. Please. Okay?
Girls. back to work.
Celine.
Papaya tea.
It's good for your stomach.
Good stuff.
It's not going bad.
At least here you can do
something with your money.
Investing in bricks. right?
- Exactly.
But look. Celine.
We need bigger.
What we're doing now
is charade. Small shit.
What the guys are
cutting is nothing.
I said I was going to
talk to my dad. right?
Celine. Celine.
There's only one
way this can end. right.
So if I were you...
Drink your tea. otherwise
it will become bitter.
was it really Jaouad?
Yes
The toilet is straight ahead. Through
the glass door and then to the left.
Can I hold it myself?
I saw they sat you
at the kid's table.
What can I do for you?
When outsiders
look at our business...
they think they see hungry predators.
That we are only focused
on our self-interest.
But actually we are very
dependent on each other.
How are things going with you?
Good.
Yes?
No problems? No chaos?
I want you to keep an eye on Jaouad.
What?
Be ready when the time is right.
Chaouki.
What are you doing?
What do you think I'm doing?
- Does it have to take that long. or what?
I'm taking a shit. man. Take it easy.
- What do you mean. are you shitting gold?
son of a bitch he
must be stopped
Open. Quick.
you have to do this
you have my support
Hello. open up.
What are you doing?
Washing my hands.
Do you shit perfume or something?
Yes.
Nice huh?
What is this place?
You get in and you sign. or you
drive off and you've never been here.
Pay attention.
Don't mess around with your phone.
Why does he yell all day?
Why are you so stressed?
Your country is on fire.
Who knows what will happen now.
- This is good for us. man.
Everyone is now running
away from Pope like rats.
They know which side to choose.
- Side?
Do you think politicians
care who is on which side?
Everyone will feel the consequences.
Laszlo. take it easy. Just trust him.
Everything will be ok.
Please stop this crazy monkey language.
We came here because
we wanted to sell it easily.
Quietly. no problems.
- We can get rid of this easily. Right?
Everything will be ok.
I don't want to
regret coming here.
Lientje.
- Hugo.
Thank you for seeing me so quickly.
Yes.
I hope you can help me.
Unfortunately I won't be able to do that.
What are you talking about now?
Like you don't know anyone.
Who says I don't know anyone?
You don't know anyone.
I think it's better that it stays that way.
- Is that it?
That you can feel better about yourself
because you think that's how you protect me?
Yes. If you don't do it yourself...
You don't know shit
about why I do things and how.
As if you were anywhere around
when I needed you...
if you had known that. so don't you
come up with bullshit excuses.
Hey. Girl. how are you now?
Hey?
Don't. Forget about it.
- Wait a second. Wait a second.
I did hear something.
Someone sitting on a pile of bricks.
Did you have to go through all that
nonsense before you can put me in touch?
Celine. he's a very serious boy.
- Yes.
But are you going to put me in touch?
This was six days
ago at Turin airport.
Arrived by private
plane from Spain.
How did you get this?
The security services
have no idea where he is.
Oscar and his team have
been active since the attack.
The AIVD operates within
certain limits that do not affect us.
We're deep in shadow territory.
This operation is purely
for the capture of Ancharad...
and then the party is over.
This is the urgency that breaks the law.
Younes Al Saddiqi's
children are in Morocco...
and must be brought to the
Netherlands as soon as possible.
What did I just say?
We can't play cowboys
on Moroccan soil.
No key witness without children.
No case without a key witness.
That seems to me to be the
core of this whole operation.
Or are you planning to do something else with him?
Good. I'll consult.
It has to happen tomorrow night.
- What?
The operation.
We're going with four.
Nobody can know.
How are we doing. Oscar?
We get hits with the face of
Ancharad from all over Europe.
We take a closer
look at those that are from Italy.
And the children of
Al Saddiqi in Morocco?
I can get eyes on the ground
in Morocco in a matter of hours.
We do have a picture of
the mother's family...
but what do we want with that?
- You have the green light.
Sandro?
- Bro.
Does she take good care of you?
Are you enjoying?
Listen. we need to talk.
Come on.
Bro. this is not a day for business.
This is a party.
You better listen if
you want to survive this.
I'm going to take out Jaouad.
And you're going to help me.
Are you crazy?
This is your one chance
to clear your name.
The only way to make right what
he did to Il Benedetto's daughter.
So listen up.
Many people are fed up with his behavior.
They saw what he did.
I have permission
from the top to do this.
I know how to catch him.
I just need your help.
- No.
I stay out of that. man.
No way.
He'll drop you like a bitch as soon
as that 2.000 kilos are out of Italy.
Your days are numbered if you
don't participate. You know that.
Do you know? You can
even take credit at Il Benedetto.
We only have one
chance. so it better go well.
If we screw this up. he
disappears and we're dead.
Turn around.
Say it.
I heard we could mean
something to each other.
What do you need?
Fifteen to start with.
Kilo? Fifteen kilos?
Why am I sitting here for 15 kilos?
- To start with. I say?
Go to the toilet. and poop out those
15 kilos for them. please.
Is something wrong?
Listen. I'm here because
I respect your father...
but 15 kilos is kindergarten shit. man.
Fine. 15 kilos.
Everyone needs a chance
to start. I'll fix that shit for you.
So it's true what they say?
You are completely detached from Pope.
Do you have to show it off on your own?
Don't worry about that.
If I may give you a tip.
keep an eye on her.
Before you know it.
you'll be changed out.
I'll fix those 15 kilos for you.
You that money.
We go. We'll talk to you later.
Alphons wants to see me.
All right. let's go
there together.
No. I'm going to do it alone.
I don't want to scare him off.
Sorry? Since when are
you ashamed of me. prick?
You have enough to do. right? Don't you?
Arrange those 15 bricks with those
Suris and I'll fix my own shit. Get out.
Do you have something to say or not? Talk.
I didn't mean to say it.
I'm going to do it anyway. Yeah?
That Moroccan. that fattie.
He almost shoots your wife and
kids. And what do you do?
You give him a few kilos of coke.
You don't even give your
very own brother a gram.
Rinus. what the fuck?
You really don't get it.
You are stupid. I tell you honestly.
With this shit we're gonna
fix that 2K. right?
And we're eating Pope's entire
organization from the inside out.
You think this is for one time only?
I'm taking over the whole town here. mate.
What part you do not understand?
Shut up. do as I say.
get out of the car...
and let me fix my shit. yeah?
Don't worry about the
fat one. he'll take a bullet.
Get out.
- Relax. man.
Ask one of those guys
to lick your ass dry.
Get out.
- Go take your bike for a ride. man.
"Go for a bike ride."
Are you from 1930. low life?
Annie M.G. Schmidt.
Hundred percent.
They are in (...).
We have location of
Ancharad. In Genoa.
Recognizable on the security cameras.
The Italian police are on their way.
It's just. that it is this afternoon.
Sorry? How come this came in this
afternoon and I'm only hearing it now?
Everyone.
I want everyone's attention at all time.
I'm sending our people that way.
I should put a
bullet in your head.
I could say the exact same thing.
What you did to my boys...
Keep your little hyena under control.
- You have a deal.
Idris and I represent 1400 kilos.
Together with a number of us. we
want to go into business with you.
1400. huh?
Is that a problem?
- No problem.
A little more than I
thought. but it'll be fine.
People now know that being associated with
Pope. is no longer in their best interest.
Look up bro.
When can we settle this?
If you have money.
it goes faster. Yeah?
Tatta.
Why is Tonnano still alive?
It's my head. isn't it?
You think I'm just going to
kill everyone or something?
Listen. Tonnano took
some bricks from me.
He's not going to do crazy shit.
trust me.
Your money will come soon.
- Keep an eye on that little hyena.
Fuck you.
Hey. that guy's here.
Prick. If you want to look at
her ass. you have to pay first.
I think I get money from
you. not the other way around.
I can also just not pay for it either. you moron.
Are we going to be tough?
Here my friend. For looking at
that horny (...) cunt of yours.
What did you say?
Should I blow your head off your body?
Excuse me. where are you going?
Sorry. I would like to make an
appointment for a botox treatment.
Unfortunately. we are fully booked. You
can make an appointment for tomorrow.
Shit. I already have an appointment tomorrow.
Can I go to the toilet then?
Sure. Up there and then right.
- Thank you.
Good evening.
- Bye.
Where is everyone?
Where's everybody. man?
Check this out.
What is this?
- I'm sorry.
No. listen. They want to buy it.
We stay out of it.
The risks are too high.
What do you mean?
- We take our hands off.
Listen. cockroach.
Listen. dog.
We left some stuff behind.
- What do you mean? What is this? Pig.
We had a deal.
- Not anymore.
Suck my cock.
Pig. Gypsy whore.
I'll fuck all your mothers and sisters.
Chantal?
We'll be right behind you.
Make sure everything is arranged.
What is this?
- Security.
We would keep it small.
- Yeah. and safe.
There is something in the air
and I trust Marocchino and his men.
Sure.
He...
- Yes. outside. smoking.
Outside?
- What the fuck. Otto.
What have you done now?
What happened to you?
- That's a thing. Rinus.
Where is Suri's money?
So that's the thing. I do not have that.
- What?
Yes. They robbed me. man.
Took that shit and didn't pay.
Bro. just like that?
- Yes. just like that. yeah.
Yeah. right...
And just now you're telling me this shit?
- Rinus. you have enough shit on your mind.
I thought. I'm not going
to bother you with that...
That was the last thing we had. wasn't it?
Do you still have that gun?
You must feel like a pathetic little
man now. don't you?
That you're left screwed
and penniless again.
Listen. I don't feel like this.
- Oh. don't you feel like this?
I'm leaving with Nino.
Go away then. where are you going then?
Who's going to protect you?
Everything is safer than with you.
- You know who else said that?
That chick from Pope.
that chick from Pencil...
Hey.
- Hey.
Grab that gun.
Go get Nino. go to a safe place.
Otto and I deal with that shit.
Clap me one more time
and you'll see what happens.
Hello. my baldie.
Hello.
Fine. And you?
What are you doing there?
We are taking it easy. thanks to Allah.
There's nothing wrong.
We feel powerful. everything is okay.
I just wanted to say that
you don't need to be afraid.
I'm not afraid. you know me right?
I'm used to it.
Are you okay?
Sure.
I just wanted to hear your voice.
Call back soon. okay?
Okay. dear sister. goodbye.
- Okay. goodbye.
Everything okay in there?
That's him.
- Yes.
Tell those carabinieri to wait
until our people to arrive. yeah?
And what about the children?
- That unit is still on its way.
This isn't a game. is it?
Do you think we're
playing around here?
Take it easy. man.
There's a problem with that cargo.
Go check what's there and fix it.
Sandro called. If that cargo
is important. it is important.
I can't leave you alone now.
- Are you the surgeon? Go. go.
I have to go check something. yeah?
Watch him.
You. come along.
Romeo. this is team Papa. We are...
Daddy. We are waiting for the carabinieri.
We are on standby for departure.
ETA 30 minutes.
We are Victor Victor. Stay tuned.
I'm going for a smoke.
I'm going to the bathroom. man.
Yes. wait a minute.
Follow him.
Hey. wait a minute. mate.
Go to the toilets and see
why they're staying away for so long.
I'll fix it.
Team Bravo. Stay tuned.
Stay tuned.
Go through. Go through.
Pass by. pass by.
Come here bitch.
I'll kill you.
Go to sleep. my friend.
I need adrenaline and alcohol.
Adrenaline and alcohol. now.
Now.
The adrenaline.
- To prepare.
Please don't hurt us.
I promise I won't say a word.
Can we please leave?
I have a family. Please.
Just go.
Look at me.
Romeo. this is Team Papa.
We have an ETA of 90 seconds.
I repeat: 90 seconds.
All units. we're
close to object Kilo.
Romeo. Team Papa.
We have a visual on object Kilo.
We are now switching to bodycams.
Stay stealthy. Stay stealthy.
Door is open.
Go in. go in.
Got a Tango down here.
Tango down. Do a dead check.
Connected space. Connected space.
Romeo. this is Papa.
What. what. what. Image. image.
What's happening. what's happening?
Ancharad. have we seen him?
Have we seen the Pope?
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-